Hello
here we are another magic for all that is one
magic relatively easy to perform
but like all the others we already have
explained by effect this magic we use
simply the four axes then
paintings that bloomed heart ok
then we need the help of
a spectator hello own action aimed at
mix
now as you sector melts you can
also being the back giants is
so now we have the order
of the aces just today again me
turn your back and you take off one
what he wants ok
I watch him show it from the room
remember, remember this
and now again I turn it in first
second third quarter where it seems not
i look at the new udine mystery you
memories
careful to do a particular thing
think of your ace
which 8 perfect thanks a lot
well we see this effect achieved
very simple with regard to the
makeup
we will be able to guess which one
ace was chosen because so
sneaky we will make take air thread
the group d arcy turned 180 degrees
consequently because we will be able
then to recognize it
because if you notice three axes have a
meaning therefore if one of these three comes
shot we can tell which one
in fact the seeds and not towards this
case the omitted upright for you that
so watch spikes outside
any of these is turned and
immediately recognizable I said 3
because obviously paintings being
symmetrical is now filmed with
they can know ok now we do it
another to pull out the boards
from the cock issue and put them all
oriented in the same direction
let's mix the axes ai
spectator we spend them on the table and
now we make them choose to
really an ace and in a sneaky way
we make him return it to the contrary
actually we shoot in three remaining axes
I explain myself by making veil see operator
choose an ace remember not exaggerated
from behind closes the other three
and we move them away from the
chosen card giving it a spin of
90 degrees
ok so we ask you in a random way
to look at his ace and to
remind us after that we answer you
the cards making to do another
90 rotation so we're here
we ask you to put the stowe back where
want we turn around again and again
to mix
when video mix ciri we turn
for the last time towards the viewer e
let's put the boards up high on the
table with the excuse of having to pass the
hand to understand to pick up the vibrations or
as you invent the presentation
now how we dominate the very ace a lot
simple if you remember
they were all oriented in the same direction
obviously removed paintings that I read that
so the first thing was not a sense
what we do and look at the three aces
asymmetrical to see if one of the three is
turned backwards in this case mi
I find spades turned the other way around
in fact if you notice flowers and straight heart
straight spades shot opposite this
it means that pink was chosen then
the first thing I have to do while we pass
hands and check the pic hearts flowers
can see if any I've shot if there
one is turned and the one chosen if
none of the three is shot accordingly
best pictures was shot and us
obviously we could know it ok
we know precisely why others
three are straight so I show it
last time good or bad as it is
performed to viewers starting steps
rushed in the same towards the spectator
mix
we open on the table and remove one
removing these by closing them
they turned 90 degrees viewer looks
by extending them we turn another 90 degrees
the ace is put back paper and stir
we put on the table immediately
against the motion of these three and al
otherwise in this case the straight flower
pique straight heart on the contrary wants
say that cones was chosen
so we pulled our scene
out of hearts
if it was straight outside, it means that
I chose it as we will repeat outside
paintings good luck
with this effect